figure 6 I let me change texture packs
no probably not another bad I'm trying
to get the guy off you use of you go
this maxent old guys really low I didn't
help I'm go to you and come to the end
and fight you should go fight you should
go to that alright going why's my f you
guys at like 100 they're like a bunch of
blocks somewhere how many people are on
the end 64 fighting 6 and there's three
of us oh shit no more pooping on them ok
come help isn't coming whole pod 35 feet
oh good one of it two of them one in
it's a 34 now oh there's really not much
hey they're running they're running
chase one here the one in here draw I'll
get it's my nutsack really thrilled hey
I need help in the real world yeps
coming which we're world like spawn yeah
just go to the end max handles low GG
you don't got any pot so I got one
strength got 125 nice you oh there's
some pots in here and receive of any of
these there's another strength for me
the right call him sitting there plays
in five hey max apples really though I'm
after Mexico yeah he's low it's not
escape running towards you i'm on him
though he pearl escapes
eme still behind you left your bro's
they're headed down the East Road
towards are safer they're running
towards their base I was like a 46 are
you okay I'm totally fine where are you
runtime trailering about a 100 away from
you hearing this one guy I run towards
900 I know he's starting to tears away
28 behind us no I'm convoying this guy
from back from private thoughts come
let's wagging she did you only helping
know this guy's helmet brookies about
the dot loose I think the other two are
gonna get away from us yeah I'm gonna
return my got him i specially gothic
p.m. you're still going ya des voiles
not turning on your right now they're
looting him all right don't really know
church on trailer behind dragon is 550
box they're going to turn on it we're no
we can't there's no behind us right
let's just you behind us after surgery
yeah that's me wait how many chasing two
gotcha I'm right behind GM give me a sec
oh I see you too you suck one hit skip
skip skip no one's coming for you
they're going for that there keep them
out of it focus Kate fuck my speed about
to run out I'm probably not you can spit
now we're not gonna get him anything
right I got a full pelt loadout where
are you guys wearing their base your
interface yep go do it like 1000 0 ok
are you coming in oh we can come out we
can come out are you going no no no
uh-uh they're hiding in this little
doorway just watch yourself um tell me
your cords 908 900 00 in your in it one
pound they locked us out you should get
out maybe if you can oh you stay outside
the front door um you can parole through
here you know huh where wait let them
open up in Pearl now well I have a cool
dancing don't let them play I know okay
good that was close how exciting